Hello everyone, I am your assistant in the kitchen
My name is Anton Ershov
and today we will cook a cake
sway with rosemary and garlic
sea ​​salt
for this we will need however
a tablespoon of rosemary
20 grams of grated parmesan
one teaspoon sea salt
ran garlic
olive oil two tablespoons
one kilogram of wheat flour
350 huge
150 grams of olive oil
Yeast Leader
let's start childhood
may add more
then water and olive oil and
mix well
knead the resulting mass with your hands
until it becomes completely homogeneous
those who put in plastic
containers covered with cling film
by the way of the floors
for one hour
finely chop garlic
garlic combine with rosemary pour
olive oil
mix
and in order for rosemary to convey to her
its flavor
add one tablespoon
boiling water
take 150 grams of pizza dough balloons
fashion including two millimeters
those who fell on the wires and sprinkle
grated parmesan fire
imagine how into the oven when
maximum temperature two three
minutes
a generation that hot smeared rosemary
and sprinkle the rides
and so while you are ready to enjoy your meal and
tasty day
there is and in the future removes dirt
leaving the surface clean of radiant